Longjingtian, my husband will give you the steps down
Why don't you know good or bad?
If you can really come up with 5 million
Will have no money to support his wife and children
Missing for so long
I didn't have a spring outing.
Just 5 million
For me, Long Jingtian
Not even pocket money
Listen to this.
This lunatic is so arrogant
Ye Fanxing, can you see clearly now?
This man is nothing but a braggart
Incompetent trash
Are you sure you want to leave the house with this man?
Long Jingtian, since you love acting so much
Sure, then I'll give you a chance.
But the ugly thing goes first
If you can't get 5 million
To kneel before us
Ten slaps don't count as one
Yeah, let's bet on a slap
How dare you brag?
Good leaves with the wind
I promise you.
Don't forget you have to call me dad
Rely on wanting to be my father
Don't pee and take pictures of yourself
Are you worthy of your daughter?
Listen to Longjing Tian
He actually said in front of me that he wanted to be your brother's father
Such outrageous words
No education at all
The rest of your life
How can you trust such a man?
Ye Fanxin, you have to think clearly
You're going to talk to this man who lies
Is it okay to fall out with your family?